Support multiple CSS files (#1079)
Textualize/textual: docs/guide/CSS.md

```

### Using multiple CSS files

> You can also set the `CSS_PATH` class variable to a list of paths, and they'll be loaded in order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set the `CSS_PATH` class variable to a list of paths. Textual will combine the rules from all of the supplied paths.
```
